Tony carmine rosato her out out for good
took what they had started their own
gangs took what we had taemin rough in
Florida he's backing up those sons of
bitches the risottos never had the
Colleoni and now what they're taking
over taking hostages not without help
not without raw Frank Hyman Roth isn't a
part of this Mikey's right Frank the
result of brothers always been angry
ever since Clemenza died no no that was
no heart attack in any case that's the
situation we know they're running
sanitation and construction and we know
Carmine's fixing fights and who's to
make that brats game and liliana junk
dope hi one of dead Frank Frank
Pentangeli you've been loyal to this
family for years I know Mike
but after Cuba my business with Hyman
Roth is very important these accusations
are very him or me fair you give your
loyalty to him before your own blood
come on Frankie you know my father did
business with Hyman Roth he respected
I'm your father did business with I
brought your father respected Hyman Roth
but your father never trusted Hyman Roth
are you through good Dominic stay
focused on the Rosato brothers combines
week always has been send him a message
prove to me that I was right about you I
need not chief yet Frank's a good man
but his temper can be a problem these
accusations about Hyman Roth have to
stop they're insulting to us both I'll
keep an eye on him don't worry good
Dominic just remember to stay focused
your boss now make a name for yourself
lecom I know that you run New York
Frank I'm gonna take care of Carmi
rosado let me deal with him of course
you will you're the boss and commands us
to God's couldn't find his ass if he was
sitting on his two hands but that stupid
bums got half of New York don't that
tell you something that someone's
pulling his strings no all it tells me
is the carmines got some loyal men well
loyalty counts for something even with
the Rosato brothers it means something
to me too Frank I can't take on carmine
by myself I need people people that I
can trust do you have any loyal button
men that I could enlist sure Dominic I
drove here with a few associates they're
good men they've all learned their bones
I think they're ready to be made you'd
be doing one of them an honor if you
choose to bring him into your family
a family's only as strong as its weakest
link that's why I need someone good hey
looking for a soldier right I've done it
all man muscle rackets even a couple
stints in the pen we're gonna do some
business welcome aboard you're in
you
what do you think Dominic's taken us if
we can knock off one at Carmine's
rackets a break is hold on the cops
let's say c'mon weddle hurt the most is
brothels the damn boy houses are giving
him too much influence that's exactly
what we're gonna do we're gonna start
with the cathouse the one fronted by
that big
hey slow down it must have been someone
else
of the old treadmill
what is this world coming to
I'm trying to walk here
stay close all right in our life the key
to success is intimidation a dead man is
useless to us but turn up the pressure
and you'll have the upper hand
everyone's got two points the point that
will break and the point he'll fight
back pressure man passed his breaking
point and he'll do whatever you want
getting him there take some creativity
throw them around maybe show them the
view and with some men the more you push
them the more you'll profit or you can
find their weak spot everyone's got one
push someone too far though you'll have
a fight on your hands a worse a dead
body but this isn't the end of the world
you can leave and try again later I
could use some company later yo what do
you think you're doing turn up the
pressure Dominic but dog-killing we need
him alive hell no this joint private
don't want to jump him Angelo having
trouble breathing
that all you got
I got a my god thing goes another
unhappy customer oh not here don't I
sure end up you don't let me back there
right now I'm gonna cap you in the knee
and guess what will happen if you refuse
a second time all right all right I'll
again asshole
wait
then I got blasted last fight